Adding configuration with Docker (#12845)
DataDog/integrations-core: oom_kill/README.md

3. [Restart the Agent][3].

### Configuration with Docker

> Mount `system-probe.yaml` and `oom_kill.d/conf.yaml` as described above. Additionally,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to mounting `system-probe.yaml` and `oom_kill.d/conf.yaml` as described above, do the following configuration:
```

> 1. Mount these volumes to the agent container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Mount the following volumes to the Agent container:
```

    ```
    -v /sys/kernel/debug:/sys/kernel/debug 
    -v /lib/modules:/lib/modules 
    -v /usr/src:/usr/src
    ```

> 2. Add permission to enable BPF operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the following permission to enable BPF operations:
```

    ```

>     --privilege

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    --privileged
```

    ```
    

>     In kernel version 5.8+, `CAP_BPF` can work with `--cap-add` feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In kernel version 5.8 and greater, `CAP_BPF` works with the `--cap-add` feature.
```

> **Note**: `privilege` mode is not yet supported in Docker swarm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: `privilege` mode is not supported in Docker swarm.
```

>     In kernel version 5.8 and greater, `CAP_BPF` works with the `--cap-add` feature.

Reviewer 3: do you want to say that from the linux kernel `5.8`, the user can use `--cap-add CAP_BPF` instead of `--privilege` ? 

if we maybe the sentences can be more explicit
```suggestion
    From kernel version 5.8, the `--privilege` parameter can be replaces by `--cap-add CAP_BPF`. ```

Author: Thanks, yes makes sense. 
I commit it but removed "```" in the end as it looks unintended.

Author: @clamoriniere can you review?

>     From kernel version 5.8, the `--privilege` parameter can be replaces by `--cap-add CAP_BPF`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    From kernel version 5.8, the `--privileged` parameter can be replaces by `--cap-add CAP_BPF`. 
```

> **Note**: `privilege` mode is not supported in Docker swarm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: `--privileged` mode is not supported in Docker swarm.
```
